speak internet beauty
I remember silva ac with another video and
This time we 'll learn a little
of photoshop is a basic trick of how
put the logo on your images
on your routes
not quite the program I use to
do this kind of thing but a lot of people
have doubts about how to place
So who uses photoshop to go?
learning now open photoshop
We come here in a file to open the
People are going to put the
photoshop the image we want to use
the environment that images that were
any of these images takes this
my here
so click on it come here to open
will appear that box that you give
an ok beauty image is here inside the
first step has already been given the second step
here a citizen of clicks whenever
you open an image in photoshop will
this padlock appears here you give
two clicks here and it will appear saca
ends and give an ok if you want to rename
just rename if you do not want to anyway
just ok, beauty
the photo is released for use is that the
people usually do in photoshop to
people may have an error that may not be
off by security measure people
gives you a safe control and
j button to click you here creates a
copy of the original layer in case of
wrong thing with this one we have a
backup that here touch let
invisible here works with this glass
here with this layer here is that people
will make people go in file opens and
Let's transfer into the
photoshop now ours
the logo that we want to use I have
here in the local disk than a
My partner on the bay side is Aloísio.
is using the logo that earned him
the luísa a hug for you guy's
important that the file that we are going to
use teza so in this format to png
which is a png file a png file one
file is that it has no background is just the
text to the law or the image that does not
background that white background that people
you can see if you click on your
logo mark comes here to open and she goes
be transferred into photoshop
Ok that's what I said she does not have
foundation is transparent background
transparent so I can put it on
image and I will have it
that white background
ok so we will do we will
If you select everything, you will see that
here was dotted around all
image because it is selected the ok
People are going to do the following from a control
c to copy a keyboard
the worse now we come here in the picture
We want to put everything in
controls the top project
the logo and the image will put here the
people found it out there in the logo
People are going to give you control now.
necklace
You can see that she's already been on top.
of the now positive image was not with
this tool here that the tool
suitable for moving people move it
wherever you want and adjust the
size that we want for it to
people come here o show brand outline
this box here you will observe
Was this review helpful to you?
image holding the small set on top of the
build on your keyboard on the seventh call
shift
hold it and drag by clicking here
image corner
or in or out
to increase to decrease to fair
Also what do you want for me here already?
It's okay, this box is tick here.
Do not you click here to confirm that
you turning this image made
this already installed and uncheck here to
It gets better for us to see, huh?
You're giving it to you, you see it to me.
're giving to see perfectly increase
here a little bit for you to see how
It's cool, it's ok, the paulo izzo son.
the logo on the image beauty what the
next step we'll take now
You will we will now select
this layer and this one here
holding against 17 years keyboard
selected the first to the second in
right-click merge layers
done this you can see that already united the
layer serves here now file
save as here where you will put the
name of the image you want to place
it rains here
leandro arm logo beauty in this box
march that you give a click on it
choose what type of file you want
save us will save and jotapeg this
here o
jp is ge do not click here
choose where you want to save the grandparents
on my desktop click on
to save
This box came up here if there is an okay
if the quality does not have 12 you
drag the image quality for the
okay, and your image is already saved
with the maga logo here on the homepage at
desktop here
here is the logo of the image with
so maga basically is that personal is
I want to thank everyone who has
inscribing what is inscribed in my
channel 895 78 thousand 707 views
then the channel is growing every
days
Thank you to all who have shared
here if you are not yet enrolled if
Enroll is easy to sign up it's just you
click write under each video
Do you want to add us on facebook?
just look for leandro x de mil
here the leandro x de mil
You can be adding us to see.
videos and photos that we make and places
in the face
if you have any questions, just let a
comment is either on youtube or not
did preferably on facebook is better
to respond faster
touch a strong embrace in everyone's heart and
until the next video